Add detail to the project README (#4)
tobyhodges/github-skillup-2025-05-09-nickyjgarland: README.md

Generated from [_crispy-doodle_](https://github.com/carpentries/crispy-doodle).

## Contact

> If you have questions about the project, please open an issue or [contact the author](mailto:example@example.com).

Reviewer: Apologies, this is not the correct email address. It should be:  
```suggestion
If you have questions about the project, please open an issue or [contact the author](mailto:joe.bloggs@someemail.com).
```
